Comments from the editors and reviewers:
-Reviewer 1

  - 
The paper is on proposing an ontology for automated vehicles. 

a) Novelty

Similar work has been published before, see e.g.

Ron Provine, Craig Schlenoff, Stephen Balakirsky, Scott Smith, Mike Uschold,  Ontology-based methods for enhancing autonomous vehicle path planning,  Robotics and Autonomous Systems,  Volume 49, Issues 1–2,  2004,  Pages 123-133

An ontology-based approach to relax traffic regulation for autonomous vehicle assistance, Philippe Morignot (INRIA Rocquencourt), Fawzi Nashashibi (INRIA Rocquencourt), 12th IASTED International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Applications (AIA'13), Austria (2013)

SCHLENOFF, C., BALAKIRSKY, S., USCHOLD, M., PROVINE, R., & SMITH, S. (2003). Using ontologies to aid navigation planning in autonomous vehicles. The Knowledge Engineering Review, 18(3), 243-255. doi:10.1017/S0269888904000050

Zhao, Lihua & Ichise, Ryutaro & Mita, Seiichi & Sasaki, Yutaka. (2015). Core Ontologies for Safe Autonomous Driving. 

Thus, it is unclear what the novelty of the presented ontology is.

b) Implementations of ontologies exist

The paper cites OpenScenario and CommonRoad, which are both implementations of ontologies. However, the authors do not mention in the introduction that these are concrete implementations with a concrete XML structure. 

What aspects are described in this paper that are not already implemented in OpenScenario or CommonRoad? This should be discussed in the paper.

It is unclear whether an executable implementation of the proposed ontology exists. This should be clarified in the paper.

c) The paper has several mistakes

- event: It is written that an event requires a time step. This, however, is not required, see e.g. finite state machines. Only in timed automata and in hybrid systems timing information is required.

- braking trajectory: Since a sine function is multiplied by a constant, it is hard to see why the acceleration should always be negative when t_0 can be freely chosen

- state/state variable: A state consists of many state variables and each system has only one state. This is often confused in this paper

- "an event marks a mode transition or the moment a system reaches a threshold": This is not correct, since an event can be an external event that is broadcast or a user input.

d) Scope

The paper often discusses issues that are not related to autonomous driving. E.g. ontologies on computing, security, etc. are mentioned. It is unclear why these should be relevant for this paper.

e) Focus

The paper is not very focused and overly lengthy. For instance, the term "event" is described using almost an entire page. I would have spent around 5 sentences to explain this. Also, Fig. 2 is not required to understand the difference between categories and instances. The explanation after Def. 4 is also overly lengthy. Another example is the explanation of "category" using music styles. Most people know what a category is.

One could probably write the whole paper with half the pages without loosing any information.  

f) Renaming of existing concepts

To me, an activity is a state trajectory. Why do we need a new name?

g) Schematic overview in Fig. 4

To me this is quite trivial and does not require the lengthy explanation in the paper. The figure could also be made smaller

h) Example

The example is not overly exciting. It would be good if the authors could share the corresponding code for other researchers.

	
	

-Reviewer 2

  - 
This is a very useful contribution to the AV industry. The background research is extensive, and the definition development is justified. Some thoughts:

Page 1, opening paragraph: The authors mix ADAS with automation (citation of Bengler et al. (2014)). Care should be taken to distinguish between the two.
Page 1, opening paragraph: "too much resources"
Page 5, 6): It might be useful to mention that if the activity of the ego vehicle is described rather than its goal, that an observer might not be able to determine if the ego vehicle successfully navigated the scenario.
Page 6, under Definition 2: The example of the event involving the vehicle and pedestrian--the point could be made that the threshold value is set by whomever is setting up the scenario, i.e., that it is flexible.
Page 7, Definition 4: I am not sure that "scenario category" is the best choice of nomenclature. Perhaps instead of "category", "account" or "depiction" could be used. The term "category" is a grouping term, but each scenario will be unique, despite having common features to other scenarios. It's not clear to me that multiple scenarios could fall under the scenario category--an example should be provided. If the qualitative description is sufficiently detailed, multiple scenarios should not be able to "fall into" a scenario category. Further, "fall into" is colloquial, and I would use "comprises" instead (although the terms would have to be reversed).
Page 13, Static Environment block: You should mention that there are many facets to this quantitative description--more than just number of lanes, lane width, and coordinates--e.g., road friction.




-Reviewer 3

  - 
This paper describes a proposed ontology for defining scenarios in the context of assessing automated vehicle (AV) performance. This is a timely subject as the testing and use of AVs continues to increase. The paper does a nice job of describing and summarizing existing work in this subject area and providing definitions for components of the proposed ontology. The paper is extremely well-written and provides important contributions to the research literature in the area of automated vehicle assessment.
